“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.” ― Andre Gide, Autumn Leaves;
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.” ― H. Jackson Brown Jr., P.S. I Love You;
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the universe." ― Albert Einstein;
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.” ― Narcotics Anonymous;
“Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.” ― Mark Twain;
“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.” ― William Shakespeare, As You Like It;
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” ― Thomas A. Edison;
“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.” ― Friedrich Nietzsche;
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.” ― Neil Gaiman, The Sandman, Vol. 9: The Kindly Ones;
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” ― George Eliot;
“If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” ― Albert Einstein;
“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.” ― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood;
“We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.” ― Anaïs Nin;
“Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.” ― Dr. Seuss;
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” ― Bob Marley;
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.” ― Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger;
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” ― Theodore Roosevelt;
“Not all those who wander are lost.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring;
"bangun bg,,";
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt